Let's go over a couple examples of simple prompts.    You can get away with a very simple prompt but the response may not give you everything you want.     Let's first look at the structure of a prompt and how to make it effective:

Some basic Structure rules:

Offer Context -
	a.  Like a human, AI does better with context -  
		i. Think about exactly what you are trying to get a response about and tailor the prompt specifically to that.
		
		"write a document about the importance of AI in technology and especially Microsoft technology and how does it benefit humans,  both technical and non-technical humans "

Another  example

Basic Prompt -  "Write about AI"
Better Prompt -  "Write a blog post about the importance of AI in the current Technology Field as well for other professions"

Adding context in this case about the output response is the key takeaway… in this case we are asking it to write a blog post AND about the area we want to target "Technology"


Use some of these handy expressions
Sometimes it's just about finding the exact phrase that OpenAI will respond to. Here are a few phrases that folks have found work well with OpenAI to achieve certain outcomes. 

"Let's think step by step"

This makes the AI think logically and can be specifically helpful with math problems. 

"Thinking backwards"

### This can help if the AI keeps arriving at inaccurate conclusions.

"In the style of [famous person]"

This will help match styles really well.

"As a [insert profession/role]"

This helps frame the bot's knowledge, so it knows what it knows—and what it doesn't. 


Add additional information to help model

"write a document about the importance of AI in technology and especially Microsoft technology and how does it benefit humans,  both technical and non-technical humans" 

		a. For the above example with AI find some relative information about the subject and add it in to help the model understand how to tailor the response.
		b. Another to think about is summarizing content into a format that is much easier to comprehend a given passage.   
For Example
"AI, or Artificial Intelligence, refers to the development of computer systems capable of performing tasks that typically require human intelligence."
